---
slug: roadmap-2025
title: Roadmap 2025
authors: [zane]
tags: [roadmap]
---

## Progress

Significant progress has been made on WG Tunnel during the first half of 2025. The release of
version 4.0.0 has brought major improvements and features to the app. A few notable features include:

- **AmneziaWG 1.5 Support** - improved DPI protection with protocol mimicking feature.
- **Proxy Mode** - share tunnel on a local HTTP/SOCKS5 proxy.
- **Lockdown Mode** - robust kill switch solution using a dummy VPN tunnel interface and SOCKS5 proxy.
- **Dynamic DNS auto-update** - dynamically update peer endpoints for DDNS users without restarting the tunnel.

<!-- truncate -->

## What's Next

With the remainder of the year, the next items on the roadmap are as follows:

### Improve Auto-tunnel UX

The UX for auto-tunnel has been lacking for some time. Questions constantly arise around
how to configure specific tunnels to connect on specific Wi-Fi networks. This feature
has been available in the app for a long time now, but its placement is not intuitive. The
goal of this change is to consolidate all auto-tunnel specific "rules" to the auto-tunnel
screen or child screens. 

### Global Split-Tunneling

This feature has been requested many times and is long overdue. The goal is to allow users
to configure split-tunneling at a global level and apply it to all tunnels. 

### Domain Filtering

The goal of this feature is allow users to download/configure domain block lists and expose
these lists to the core WireGuard logic. The app will then filter for outbound DNS traffic and drop the 
DNS requests to domains contained in the block list. Users must disable DoT (Android’s Private DNS feature) 
for this feature to function. The app will have to detect if this feature is enabled and request that the user disable it.

### App Block List

This is another highly requested feature. Split-tunneling allows users to exclude certain
applications from the tunnel, but it does not allow users to block certain applications' traffic.
This feature will query all installed application identifiers and drop any traffic that is
marked with a matched blocked identifier. 
